content/posts/an-essay-on-walking.md, before:

---
date: 2019-07-31T22:43:31Z
title: An Essay on Walking
author: Robert Thoreau
hero_image: "/content/images/heather-shevlin-3B_NrzTjajc-unsplash.jpg"

---
Then it is that I appreciate the beauty and the glory of architecture, which itself never turns in, but forever stands out and erect, keeping watch over the slumberers.

No doubt temperament, and, above all, age, have a good deal to do with it. As a man grows older, his ability to sit still and follow indoor occupations increases. He grows vespertinal in his habits as the evening of life approaches, till at last he comes forth only just before sundown, and gets all the walk that he requires in half an hour.

But the walking of which I speak has nothing in it akin to taking exercise, as it is called, as the sick take medicine at stated hours,–as the swinging of dumb-bells or chairs; but is itself the enterprise and adventure of the day. If you would get exercise, go in search of the springs of life. Think of a man’s swinging dumb-bells for his health, when those springs are bubbling up in far-off pastures unsought by him!

![](/content/images/kunj-parekh-H69EgivmCjE-unsplash.jpg)

Moreover, you must walk like a camel, which is said to be the only beast which ruminates when walking. When a traveller asked Wordsworth’s servant to show him her master’s study, she answered, “Here is his library, but his study is out of doors.

Perhaps we should be more susceptible to some influences important to our intellectual and moral growth, if the sun had shone and the wind blown on us a little less; and no doubt it is a nice matter to proportion rightly the thick and thin skin. But methinks that is a scurf that will fall off fast enough,–that the natural remedy is to be found in the proportion which the night bears to the day, the winter to the summer, thought to experience. There will be so much the more air and sunshine in our thoughts. The callous palms of the laborer are conversant with finer tissues of self-respect and heroism, whose touch thrills the heart, than the languid fingers of idleness. That is mere sentimentality that lies abed by day and thinks itself white, far from the tan and callus of experience.

When we walk, we naturally go to the fields and woods: what would become of us, if we walked only in a garden or a mall? Even some sects of philosophers have felt the necessity of importing the woods to themselves, since they did not go to the woods. “They planted groves and walks of Platanes,” where they took _subdiales ambulationes_ in porticos open to the air. Of course it is of no use to direct our steps to the woods, if they do not carry us thither. I am alarmed when it happens that I have walked a mile into the woods bodily, without getting there in spirit. In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society. But it sometimes happens that I cannot easily shake off the village. The thought of some work will run in my head, and I am not where my body is,–I am out of my senses. In my walks I would fain return to my senses.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io LunarLiz-eth updated content/posts/an-essay-on-walking.md

content/posts/an-essay-on-walking.md, after:

---
date: 2021-06-01T22:43:31Z
title: 'June 2021 Astrology '
author: Robert Thoreau
hero_image: "/content/images/sunandmoon02.jpg"

---
Monday May 31-Sunday June 6  
**Sun & Moon Reading Sun in Gemini 10*-16* Moon moves from Aquarius-Taurus**  
Beginning of the week you are considering how to innovate what you create in the future based on new spiritual beliefs and thinking. Thursday Moon shifts into Aries mid-day creating an afternoon/evening energy surge that may lead to even more new ideas for the next 2 days. Expect to receive some kind of spiritual push this weekend to help solidify your new thinking.

Monday June 7- Sunday June 13  
**Sun & Moon Reading Sun in Gemini 17*-23* Moon moves from Taurus-Cancer**  
The beginning of the week you are actively making decisions on what you want to create, ultimately building to the New Moon Solar Eclipse happening around 7am EST Thursday morning. This new moon is helping you to internalize this new you that you have been trying on since the full moon lunar eclipse last month (5/26). You will be really feeling out these new mental clothes for the rest of the week with Moon in Cancer, so take not to over stress yourself. There is still time to edit, as mercury is retrograde this month and is not out of shadow until July 1.

Monday June 14- Sunday June 20  
**Sun & Moon Reading Sun in Gemini 24*-29*/Cancer 0* Moon moves from Leo-Scorpio**  
You are ready to present your new self to the world to see reactions. Be open to receiving any critiques, try not to take things too personally if people are uncertain of your new ways. Keep your new fire burning and see who shows up. You may feel a bit nit-picky with yourself mid-week, once the moon moves into Virgo, resist the urge to make changes based on the responses of others. Work on finding and protecting what balance feels like with your new way of being, it’s not what it used to be.

Monday June 21- Sunday June 27  
**Sun & Moon Reading Sun in Cancer 0*-6* Moon moves from Scorpio -Aquarius**  
This week is all about protecting that new you inside and being willing to explore the full potential of what it all means. Full Moon on Thursday, in Capricorn, highlights the physical work that may need to be done now that you have mentally established new ground.Spend the rest of the week formulating your plans, writing things down, and innovating your thoughts around work and how you receive money/ self-worth/ feelings of achievement.
